- Do you know what frog
is in German?
- I don't.
- Frosch
- Say it again.
- Frosch.
- So if the show went
international, this show
would be called Froscher.
- You like saying that?
- Frosch.
Froscher.
(video game digitizing)
- The best video game
of the 80's has busted
out of the arcade.
Welcome to Frogger.
- Woah.
In. Real. Life.
- Boom.
- And sometimes.
- Look out!
- Life hurts
- Right in the Jiminy Christmas
- Only the fastest,
the fittest.
- Gotta land it.
- And fiercest.
- Ya'll like the view?
- Will advance to Boss Toad's
bonus round for a chance
to win the Glittery $10,000
Golden Fanny Pack and a shot
at the $100,00.
- Oh!
- Grand prize.
- Let's go.
- I'm Damon Wayans Jr.
- I'm Kyle Brandt, and
this is Frogger
- Six Froggers,
four Crazy Crossings,
$10,000 cash and more fun
than you can imagine.
- The ultimate real life
video game is here.
So what's our first
crossing tonight, Kyle?
It's Ribbit River.
Froggers must pass the powerful
jets of the waterfall,
then call for the turtles
and jump a ride to the logs or
take a tough shortcut
through the spinning lilies.
Once they've traversed the up
and down Loco lilies foggers
then need to ride the Gators
and scale the rocks before
swinging home to the safety
of the landing pad.
But will our Froggers
get swept
away when they face
Jason waterfalls?
A brutal trip across 17 inch
wide stepping stones while
being pummeled by 52 gallons
of water per second
and the Loco lilies rising
to 8ft off the water,
you have to time your jump
just right or face a lot
long drop down again.
Can they conquer Ribbit River?
It's the Frog father,
Casey versus Jazzy
Long Legs Jackson.
- Hey, I'm Casey.
I'm 24 years old from
Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
They call me the Frog father
because I have a pet frog
that I got when I was five
years old and somehow he's
still alive 20 years later.
I swear my parents must have
switched him at some
point when I was younger.
Keep the magic alive.
My strategy for this
competition is to go in, head
first, not hesitate
for stop for anything.
I know I've got what it
takes to win Frogger.
- I am Jackson Garski.
I am 21 years of age and I'm
from Littleton, Colorado.
I am very good at Frogger.
Anything a frog can do,
I can do better.
I've got the speed.
I've got the balance.
I've got the agility
and I've got the legs.
They don't call me Jazzy
Long Legs for nothing.
- Welcome Froggers
to Ribbit River,
where the temperature is 80
degrees, the humidity is 90%
and the water is
full of Piranhas.
- Ready, Frogger one?
- Ready.
- Here we go.
- Now in Frogger, the rules
are simple. Each Frogger
starts with three lives.
Whoever completes the crossing
with the most lives intact
or get the furthest, moves
on to the next level.
- Casey, Nice little hop,
skip and a jump there.
- That was casual. Gravity
did most of the work.
- I don't have the long legs
like Jackson does.
- I think people are being way
too careful and
methodical on this.
You just have to bulldoze
your way through this.
- Can't go half bulldoze.
- No, you can't Bull.
- You need the doze.
Right, Here we go.
- Go quickly.
- You see,
I'm just gonna go for it.
- Oh, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa.
See. see.
- I love the rope.
- Can he find the footing?
Come on, big boy.
And now he's in trouble.
- Yeah, he's down.
He gave himself up.
- He decided if he was going
to go down, he was going
to go down his way.
- He's balancing.
And then he remembers
in gravity.
- Check with your mom.
- One life down.
Ready, Frogger two?
- Let's go.
- Here we go.
- Wins,
we have heard tales of the
legendary Jazzy Long Legs.
21 year old Jackson Garski
is now up to
give us the show.
- He is currently wearing his
little brothers dolls shorts,
but I'm okay with it.
- How do I even get to this?
- You just fall.
Just fall.
That's all you do.
- It's about four
hops. For him,
it might be two with
the size of those legs.
Look at the length there.
- Go, go Gadget legs.
- Inspector Gadget
in the house.
Even his legs
aren't long enough.
If he can't do it.
Good luck to the rest
of the Froggers.
- I'm just gonna have to jump.
- And here we go.
Jazzy Long Legs.
- The jets propelling 300
gallons of water
for millisecond.
Oh, yes.
An actual frog on set.
He reached that
perfect frog pose.
Oh, he fell!
He's down, he's in.
Oh, Jazzy Long Legs,
good night.
- The shocking early exit.
As soon as he got up,
that's in the Cannon
shot him right off.
Jazzy Long Legs is
dipped in water.
- Don't be too hot out there.
- All right,
one life down a piece.
- In a battle that visually is
kind of shaping up to be
a 1999 M&M meets 1999 Mobey.
- Are you seeing
any vibes of that?
- Absolutely.
- Here we go.
Casey at the bat.
Classic American tail.
- This is for you Frogger.
- Woo!
- He's jumping right into it.
Oh, my gosh.
Terrible form.
Amazing trip.
That was your moment, Casey.
Thank you very much
for not much.
- Jazzy Long Legs.
You got this?
- Look at the focus
on that guy
- He's either focused
or he's praying.
Second life.
Can he clear the
entire waterfall?
I mean, the whole thing.
- Huge talent.
Huge legs.
I think he's trying to see if
he can go to the second one.
He got the rope.
- Oh, beautiful.
What a crossing.
- what a crossing.
- I told you.
- Oh, that was beautiful.
- Go Jackson!
- That is how you do it.
- He bulled, and he dozed.
My man.
- Can we get
a mating call?
- Come on, turtles.
Let's go.
- That will set the Turtle
brothers in motion
and Jackson is already
to Little Rock,
see if he can put those
long legs to get use again.
- The shorts are already
getting shorter.
They seem to be shrinking
as they get wet.
You relate to that Wayans?
- Absolutely.
- He is getting pelted.
Now, will he go shortcut
to the Lily pad or go directly
to Tony's brother Tommy?
Shortcut.
- Oh, a hand plant.
Jackson, you frog you.
- Huge
jump here off the log, off
the spinning Lily pads.
- Let's do it.
- Alright Jackson,
you're a good guy.
I need you to fall right away.
Jackson says all life's best
choices are made
spur of the moment.
Sew it on a pillow, put
it on a Grave stone
- Oh, he's got to fight.
- Uh, oh.
- Oh no.
- Oh no, we're in trouble.
- I'm on, I'm on, I'm on.
- Core baby.
- I'm on, I'm so on.
- Oh, he's got to fight.
I'm so on.
- He's on top.
- Jack's alive. Yes.
- As with you?
- I don't know,
I should be asking you.
- Oh, my gosh.
Easy, baby.
Room to spare.
- We have never had a Frogger
complete this course.
- I think Jackson is going
to cross the whole thing.
I'm calling it right now.
- No problem.
- He's got one
more Loco Lily
and then we have a date
with the Gators.
A dater as it will.
- Oh shoot, that's far.
- Just getting this
timing right.
Oh, there we go.
There we go.
- Leaping like a freaking llama
- A llama?
- Wait, do llamas leap?
- I don't know.
This one does.
- If I did that,
I can do this.
Wait till it's low.
Beautiful Jackson.
- Do I look like a frog?
- Literally a frog right now.
-  It's happened.
It's finally happened.
- I love it.
Okay.
One more Lily pad.
- This one's on moving
and he's got it.
- Next up, we have Instigator
and his brother irrigator.
- Hey fishy, fishy.
- He bites.
Be careful.
- Come,
come bite me.
- Chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp.
- I'm just gonna give him a
big old crocodile hug.
- They are not friendly.
- Oh no.
- Took that one to the
chin.
- Right here, he's got it.
Smooth.
Understand, folks,
we are at the end.
I'm coming for you
Finish Lily Pat.
- You have tall shoulders.
- He does.
- And he is off on a classic
rock and he's alive.
- Y'all like the view?
- Now we are
just one little jump away
to hard rock and a rope
swing and we are home.
- I think I'm
gonna have to jump.
- Oh, ladies and gentlemen,
we're at the top of hard rock.
- 21 year old Jackson grabbing
the Hollywood Vine.
We've seen Frogger
fail this jump.
Can Jazzy's Long Legs do it?
- Huge legs,
preposterous legs.
He can easily tight
rope across it.
Just tight rope right
across your own legs.
- That's why they pay Damon
Wayans Jr. The big bucks.
And here comes Jackson
blowing kisses.
One swing away from sweet,
sweet victory.
One small step for Jackson.
One giant leap
for Jazzy Long Legs.
- Let's go.
- Jackson Jazzy Long Leg.
He is on his second life.
- Let's go.
- He can take this out if he
makes it across
to the final Lily pad.
- Whoa
- Oh, the legs are too short.
Oh,no.
- Oh, my god
careful.
- Oh, my god.
I can't look.
I can't look, tell
me what happens.
(Jackson screaming)
- Oh Jackson.
- All right, he
composed himself.
That makes one of us.
- Goodness gracious me.
That was frustrating.
- Yeah, that's
one word for it.
- It's never been done.
This is effectively
the three minute mile.
- Kyle, I'm nervous, man.
- I'm terrified
- For the light
of the full moon.
He is
across! across!
(cheering)
- You beautiful man,
you've done it.
- Let's go!
- Yeah!
Jackson conquers Ribbit River.
Whoo!!
- Just because I'm skinny,
doesn't mean I can't win
Frogger.
- What did we just witness?
- I don't know.
- So many highlights.
- Pop Quiz, Wayans.
Who is the first ever Frogger
to cross Ribbit River?
- Jackson Jazzy Long Legs.
Ding, ding, ding, ding.
Jazzy Long Legs trending world-
wide after Jackson has knocked
out Casey to become tonight's
first Frogger into the Boss
Toad bonus round.
Who's gonna be joining him
to battle it out for the
$10,000 Golden Fanny Pack?
We're about to find out.
This crossing is gonna hit
that sweet spot because
we're headed for Candy frog.
- Yeah, Froggers
will start by hopping
between the conveyor belt
tracks to remove all four
gumballs without
going out of bound.
Bouncing over the giant
Jawbreakers will get them
to the candy canes,
which Froggers can use
to swing to the chocolate
bars, dodging the licorice,
the leap to the smores
and plant the candle
on the cupcake before taking
the licorice bridge
to the landing pad.
It's a high calorie crossing
and made the best Frogger win.
But who will make it pass
the Jawbreaker?
This inflated, slippery sphere
is not as sweet as it looks
with enough bounce to have
Froggers sliding all
the way into the water.
And the candy
cane monkey bars.
An energy zapping 18 foot
horizontal traverse
right over the water.
It's the Queen of New York,
Nadica versus gamer girl, Zoe.
- My name is
Nadica Robishow.
The Queen of New York
has arrived.
By day, I work in health
care. By night,
I'm a body builder.
People just assume that I'm
just cute and pretty and that
I can't do anything else.
But you can be strong.
Sexy, powerful,
feminine, and still win.
- Hi, I'm Zoe.
I am 26 years old
from Chicago, Illinois, and
I'm a full time gamer girl.
I stream around
four times a week.
My edge in Frogger
is my strength.
I am going level up
and win this thing.
Ready Frogger one?
- Yeah.
- Here we go.
Nadica Robishow.
A self described,
loud and proud New Yorker is
if there's any other kind.
All four gumballs need to be
knocked forward into the water
before you can go
on to the next stage.
She looks like she's
eyeing the pink one to match
those shorts.
- She's gotta jump. She's
gonna be out of bounds.
- Just taking her time.
She's in danger of going
out of bounds here.
- Oh no, Nadica.
Not allowed.
- Oh, that's out of bounds.
Oh, sorry, I forgot.
- you look
for silver linings here.
She did burn a life,
but her hair is exactly as
it started and she's bone dry.
(Laughs)
Ready Frogger two?
- Yes.
- Here we go.
- Chicago, Illinois,
Zoe Khan ready to unleash
the wrath of Khan
on the candy conveyor.
One Gumball down,
and I already feel like
she's ahead of Nadica.
- She literally is.
- A live streaming gamer
welcome to our game.
- Stream that!
- Fun fact, Zoe is
a very sporty person.
Volleyball, soccer, softball
and my favorite, Call of Duty.
- Hey now, my favorite sport.
- I love Call of Duty,
but normally, when I go in,
it's just a bunch of kids and
my headset swearing at me.
All right, options here
on Candy Frog land.
You can go
for the Jawbreakers,
or you can opt to choose
the Lily pad,
which is a further target,
but an easier landing.
Let's see if she takes it
Wayan.
- The conveyor does not stop,
she's going for the jawbreaker
- Oh, she's going down.
The live streamer now,
live swimming.
Much different and much
wetter than Nadica.
- Sometimes we say, well,
they burned the lives,
but at least they made some
good progress, not Nadica.
But I hope she on a lesson.
You have to jump across
the conveyer belt.
- Well, blue Gumball
well into the water.
Nadica, we're gonna
get through this.
Nadica's favorite
movie is Dirty Dancing.
Did you know that?
- No, I didn't.
I just hope the candy conveyor
doesn't put her
in the corner again.
We got one more. We got
the pink Gumball left.
- This is great, this
is how the Frogger
video games played back
and forth, back and forth.
So many jumps.
She's headed for
the Jawbreaker.
She's got to move quickly.
- Oh! She's down,
deep blue sea, she gone.
There's a really strong leap.
She went to the side.
you can't go to the side.
You got to go right
on top of it.
It's so easy for us to sit
here and say that we're not
out there on the candy conveyor
because they won't let us.
- Zoe Khan about to go
for life number two.
She wants that
Golden Fanny Pack.
And now she's back at the spot
where she last fell off.
Has she learned her lesson?
- Oh, my gosh. That
was a great jump.
- She's alive and well,
we're playing Frogger.
- It looked like she
rewound herself.
Turns a break dance move.
(makes beatbox sound)
Hey!
Oh yes, this online gamer
zeroing in, aggressive.
- Zoe's a little bit,
she is jacked. Trapezoids,
what are these?
- I think they're trapezius.
The trapezoid is
from a geometry class.
- That's what I meant.
I meant trapezius.
- But now
you're worried about
that because she
is left stranded.
She didn't time it right.
- Does it come back?
Try not to fall.
- Here we go, folks.
A test of endurance
for Zoe Khan.
- Come back.
- She is holding
on for dear life.
- Wow.
Look at this.
- Those fingertips
just holding
on like, Nope, we
ain't falling today.
I am so nervous.
I just felt my butt
cheeks clench.
There it goes again.
- I felt them too.
And again.
This is getting scary,
here we go.
- This is life number
two for Zoe Khan.
She is hanging on for dear
life here on the candy bars.
This is getting scary,
here we go.
- Oh, man.
- That is one of the most
graceful landings
we've ever seen.
- She was like, oh.
- She had her paws up?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Okay, here we go. Our old
friends, the cricket crunches
- Gotta get
under or as we've seen,
sometimes over
the Red Licorice bridge
and onto the second
cricket crunch.
- And here she goes.
Oh, she's down.
That's two lives
down for Zoe Khan.
But she had a great run there
that could all but seal it.
But Nadica Robishow, Wayans.
Say it again with me,
Nadica Robishow
remember the name on her
third life now, Wayans.
She needs to get to those
cricket crunches.
- Jawbreaker or lily,
call your shot.
- I mean, Jawbreaker, but.
- You want to go
for the Jawbreaker,
but you're not out there.
It's easy for us to say, Whoa,
- What is going on here?
- Oh no.
- Oh, not even close.
Nadica, not going to happen.
- Nah- Dica
- That will do it.
Zoe moves on.
What a match.
- A big congrats to Zoe.
Zoe's now through to the Boss
Toad bonus round.
Who else will be joining
her in tonight's show down?
We are about to find
out my friends.
Next up, we'll get your eye
patches out, folks, because we
are off to Frog Skull Island.
After swinging
to the Jolly Frogger,
Froggers will have to walk
the planks, climb the cargo
net and fetch a cracker.
Crossing back across the deck.
They'll catch a ride with  Polly
the parrot to the desert island.
Then they'll need to get over
the rocks, past the skull
and over the Gators.
Pelted by water cannons.
They'll make their way across
the lilies and finally
to the spinning X,
which marks the spot for their
final leap to the treasure.
- What's the deal?
I thought we were both
dressing up as
Pirates for this.
What's going on?
- I am dressed as a pirate.
- Where's your hat?
- This pirate was raised
to take his hat off indoors.
- Well, now I look like an idiot
because I'm the only one
with the hat, an eye
patch and a parrot.
- I have a parrot.
- I don't see a parrot.
- He's at lunch.
- Frog Skull Island
welcomes coach Joe Ippolito
versus Will Sanchez,
the B boy break dancer.
He makes a living out on the
street collecting dollars.
And we can't wait to see some
moves today here, Wayans.
- It's going to be glorious.
I'm Joe Ippolito.
I am 33 years old
from Phoenix, Arizona.
I coach a basketball team
called the Tempe Hawks.
It's a Special Olympics
basketball team.
I'm also a stage four
cancer survivor.
I'm currently in remission
and happy to be so. Frogger
is a lot like my life.
He's out there just trying
to do what he's
doing in obstacles
just keep throwing in his way
and just like how Frogger just
keeps overcoming whatever
is in front of him.
That's what I've
done in my life.
So if you want to throw
an alligator or some traffic
at me, I can take that out.
Hi.
My name is William Sanchez.
I'm 38 years old.
I am a break dancer and I'm
from the Bronx, New York City.
I turn break dancing
into my money maker
like street performing.
That's my bread and butter.
As a solo performer, I've
opened up Janet Jackson,
NSYNC, Kanye West. I'm
bringing home the Frogger Crown
for Puerto Ricans and
New York. Bronx represent.
- I'm taking you down.
- You first, my friend.
- Ready, Frogger One?
- Coach ready, coach.
- Here we go.
- Let's go, Joe.
Come on, let's go.
- Frog Skull Island
welcomes Joe Ippolito
to eleven and a half foot
swinging right to the Port
side of the Jolly Frogger off
the bat and we've
got plank walking.
- You got this.
Come on.
They go in and out like that
to the cargo net.
Look out!
Cargo net's claimed many
foggers, but not Coach Joe.
Look at those arms.
Those muscles are pumping.
If you got it,
flaunt it, my friend.
He goes to the barrel
for the crackers.
No shortcuts.
- You know, Joe has an entire
arcade in his house.
- Does he have a wife
in his house?
Cause I wouldn't.
- I mean, not with an arcade.
Who needs a wife?
- My captain, my captain.
Here we go.
- Oh, my God.
- Cracker goes to the side
and he goes for a ride.
Polly takes off traveling
75 feet in 6 seconds.
Unleashed the cannons.
Gotta land it.
And he's down!
Frogger down.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Spectacular.
Oh, there's a little
showboating there. Watch.
- I'm gonna win
this whole thing.
- That's when gravity is like,
psych!
- Right to the rib cage.
He crashed lands
on the desert island.
One life down, two to go.
And now everyone should know.
Will Sanchez coming
in at 6'2, 213 pounds.
This is the biggest man
we got on the course.
And I mean,
in the entire tournament,
he might actually be
bigger than Boss Toad.
(both laugh)
Frog eat frog world here.
- Ready, Frogger Two?
- Yeah.
- Here we go.
- Big Will.
Welcome to Frog Skull Island.
Will the rope
even support him?
Look at the size of that man.
An absolute unit.
And we're off.
Easy now to the porch side
of that Jolly Froggen.
A nimble move here in the
technicolor pants.
- Wow.
- Okay, I'm impressed already
by how nimble is,
but look out,
- Strong.
He's so big.
He's the size
of the boat itself.
He's more of an anchor,
really.
You know who I'm
worried about?
Polly.
I don't know if she's
gonna drag this big guy.
I hope she's
Carbo Loading right now.
- Let's do it.
- Let's go.
Come on.
Come on, Polly.
Come on, little birdy.
Bend your knees.
Get down.
Don't lift with your back.
We saw what happened to Joe.
Let's not make the
same mistake here.
- He parked it perfectly!
- Beautiful Frogger
right there.
- That's what you're
supposed to do.
- Woohoo!
- We got a huge jump here.
Coming up to Alt Rock.
He's up, he's down!
Down goes Frogger.
- How's the water?
- He actually went
down when he jumped.
Oh, not even close.
- You got a leap like a frog.
It's called elevation.
- Define it, can you?
I'm not sure Will
knows what it is.
- I don't think he does.
- Boom.
- Can Coach Joe...
- Cold buddy, or what?
- Make the play of his
life and conquer
Frog Skull island.
We're about to find out.
- I think he's nervous.
I think Coach is nervous.
- Be the frog.
Be the frog.
We better call a
twenty second time out.
- You got this?
- Be the frog.
Be the frog.
- Joe's, second life.
Think Bill Belichick
at halftime.
Sean McVeigh.
Here we go.
Can he start moving that body
to create the momentum?
He's trying and he's got it.
Coach Joe is alive.
- You know what?
I'm just gonna go for it.
- And here we go, folks.
We got a grip.
Can he hold on?
Can he keep himself up?
And he's down!
- He needed more runway!
- What did you want
them to do? Show us?
- You back up...
- And then you keep going.
- Back up a little more.
- And then there you go.
All right, second life. Will's
got a long runway, folks.
This is a 747 trying
to get off the runway.
- Yeah, we got it!
- Now that's how
you play Frogger.
That's how you play.
That's good Frogger
down to Hard Rock.
- Wow.
- That imposing, terrifying
face is Devil Skull Rock.
And now he's in the lead.
Devil Skull Rock.
Based on the actual size
of Will's heads,
that's how they did it.
He is that big of a Frogger.
Look at him.
He's a tooth sandwich.
That skull is having
a big meal today.
As we ease under the incisors.
- Will stop playing dentist.
- All right, so now Will,
if he can free the fish,
he has to launch it
into the water,
which means every residence
on Alligator Alley will be set
free because they
love that fish.
I'm like.
Oh, no.
He's gonna free himself.
This is getting scary.
Here we go.
- Oh!
- Oh no.
He didn't need to jump.
He's six foot 83.
He coulda reached down
and got the fish.
These are that big.
Gotta tie those shoes.
Wayans, you do not want a knot
to knock you into the water.
All right, Coach Joe on his
third and final life.
If he misses this first jump
onto Alt Rock,
he will be shorter than
Will, and he's out.
Not a great posture
right off the bat.
That's a posture of defeat.
And I need you
to shake that off.
All right, Joe?
- Wow.
- Joseph?
Coach Joe Ippolito,
jump of his life!
He's got it.
Get up there, Joe!
Yes, sir.
Coach Joe is alive, Wayans!
Come on, Joe, you're not out
of the woods just yet, buddy.
- He's doing the lean.
- That's not gonna work.
Get into little
John's Skull right now.
- Come on, please fall.
Please fall, please fall.
- He's alive!
He's alive.
He's stuck it.
- Wow.
- Coach Joe.
- And he's now tied Will.
Which means even if
he falls now, he is alive.
- We have a game on our hands
right damn now.
- And he's in trouble.
- Them legs are shaken.
I'm not sure we've seen
anybody scale the front
of the face like this.
Look it, he's put
the foot on the gum.
The fish is about
to be free.
Who the hell tied this knot?
Auntie Anne's?
Come on, now.
And the fish is free.
The Gators are loose.
All three of them $10,000
at stake as he goes full
Mount on our first alligator.
That's Jack Snappy.
He is officially in the lead
in front of Will Sanchez,
hopefully is taking notes.
- I'm nervous now.
- Right in the
Jiminy Christmas.
- Oh!
That dude just
pulverized his perineum.
- Wow, wow, wow,
wow, wow, wow.
- Now he goes to Jack.
And hold on.
We got a problem.
Upper body strength.
Oh, come on, Joe.
Get up.
He's just trying to hold on.
Come on, Joe.
Can he hold on?
Work those knees, baby.
- Wait a minute.
Oh, my gosh.
- Wow.
This is why you lift all them
weights, Joe.
- This guy's ripped.
Look at those tri's, man.
- I'm trying not to.
And I'm trying to say focused.
- Come on, Joe.
You gotta go.
Joe, don't do what I think.
Joe, what are you doing?
- What he thinks is
he can get a better
angle on the Lily pad.
- Not gonna happen.
The tail is so thin.
- Here we go.
Yo, Joe!
- Wow!
Oh my God! He did it!
- Are you kidding me?
- This guy's a hero.
- Wow.
- We are coming up on
Punk Rock.
This rock is harder
than it looks.
- Oh, oh oh!
He's down. He is out.
- Absolutely. Give it up
for a Coach Joe.
Coach of the year.
- Wow.
- Vince Lombardi.
Red Auerbach
John Wooden and
Joe Ippolito
from Phoenix,
Arizona. He's a hero.
Imagine here the task
for Will Sanchez.
He hit the surrender
code repose sometimes.
He was up here.
Can't believe what he's
doing, but he needs to go
into strike mode because if he
crosses right now,
he's going to Boss Toad.
All right,
he better be praying
because he's got to get
out of the mouth.
Up to the fish, set it free
and oh it is slippery.
213 pounds.
He is a super heavy
weight...
- Oh!
- And down he goes!
- Oh, and Will goes home.
Hey, Joe, you are going
to the Boss Toad bonus round.
- What does that even mean?
I'm so excited!
- Way to go, man.
Well done.
- Congratulations
to my new idol, Joe.
Tonight's final Frogger
through to the Boss
Toad bonus round.
But we know this only one
Frogger can be
tonight's top frog.
Stay tuned, my friends.
(ominous music)
- He has never had
a singing lesson.
He is responsible
for kidnapping countless
baby froglets.
He is a black belt
in mansplaining.
He is a Boss Toad.
- Boss Toad. Homeboy
is a straight up evil jerk.
All right?
He kidnaps baby froglets
every single week.
- Not baby froglets.
He kidnaps froglets
every single week.
- Kyle, now is not the time.
- Boss Toad has
frog napped five
froglets and hidden them
across the most challenging
Frogger crossing
of them all,
Boss Toad's Temple.
Our Frogger's each get five
minutes to rescue those
froglets as many as they can
and they can choose any route
they want to get the job done.
But they only have one life.
So if they fall in, game over.
Taking on this epic Endgame
tonight to win the $10,000
Golden Fanny Pack and a place
in $100,000 series finale,
our three final Froggers.
Jackson Jazzy Long Legs.
The only Frogger
to complete Rivet River.
Joe Iffalito. He took
on the Gators and he won.
But first to take
on the course tonight.
Gamer girl, Zoe.
- Ready, Frogger?
- I'm ready.
- Here we go.
- Boss Toad Temple,
Zoe. Take it down.
- Love her hair.
Zoe, a Call of Duty player.
She cannot be what they call
a camper and just sit
around the outskirt.
She's gotta go right at it.
And the clock is already
ticking. Harriette the Hippo
taking her for a ride.
Big jump here.
- Oh no, she's down!
Oh, it's all over.
That's an unfortunate ending.
Sparkle and fade.
Zoe Con.
(Boss Toad laughs)
- Oh, she slipped.
Boss Toad Temple a
ruthless course.
- Coach Joe.
Ready, Frogger?
- Ready.
- Here we go.
- Yeah.
Great quads on Coach Joe,
beautiful knees.
Let's go, Joe.
Come on now.
He's going due west, Wayans.
On to Harriette
The Hippo. No problem.
Harriot. No relation
to the famous spy.
- This is decision
making time.
Oh, he set on his belly.
- He looks like
a stunt double.
- Is he going to the temple?
- No.
Wayans is this terrified
of toad temple.
You don't go there.
You go up to the helipad.
We've seen it before.
There is the first froglet
waiting right there.
- Can you slow down, Joe?
- And there's always a photo
op right in the middle
of the helicopter ride.
There it is.
- Coach Joe beautiful triceps.
- Nice.
- Not bad.
- Dang!
- Froglet.
- Tuck that baby right
in there.
- Nicely done.
Swaddled tucked away.
And good night.
Froglet right there.
Will he reach for it?
Absolutely.
All right, coach Joe.
- Joe! Joe!
Ippolito!
Two in.
We are just a minute
and change.
He's doing wonderfully.
We're gonna go
for the third one.
Wayans, in the bottom
right of the screen.
You see the froglet spinning
on the turtle at the
top is to the Temple.
There are two up there,
but it is quite a journey.
- Effortless making
the jumps look so easy.
And I think he
is going turtle.
- Yes, he is.
- The turtle is tough.
He has to first go
Gator then Tommy.
- Yeah, this one calls
for lots of balance.
This is one of the toughest
jumps in all of Toad Temple.
Here the spinning
Tommy turn on.
Look out, his shoe is
untied right now.
- That shoe lace is
scaring me.
- He's not very good
at untying and tying things.
- Here he comes.
- Nice. Got it.
Joe's playing good Frogger.
- I like it.
- If he could put
three on the board.
Three is no joke.
That will put pressure on
Jackson and this is gonna be
a question where
they can finish...
- Oh, no! Froglet down.
- Oh, he's going
out for the frog.
- Okay, now it
is out of reach.
He's gonna have to commit
a lot of time to retrieve that
froglet or just ditch it.
- And he has rescued it.
- I like it.
We're under 20 seconds.
Can I get this thing home?
Three is nothing to sneeze at.
Breathing hard.
Darth Vader esque respiration
from the Darth Ippolito here.
- This is the final
drive to the basket.
Joe Ippolito
for three and it counts.
- That was an
awesome run, man.
- He really put the pressure
on his competitors.
- He is gassed right now.
Our final Frogger is
Jazzy Long Legs himself.
His money makers.
The legs are beat up.
He's playing hurt.
We'll see if that
comes into play.
- Off goes Jazzy Long Legs
on Boss Toad Temple
and he's going
over to the turtle first.
We don't see a lot
of this, Wayans.
- I don't hate that.
- Come back here.
Come back here.
Come on.
Move it up. I ain't got all
day here, Mr. Crocodile.
- He is walking through
these things like
playing hopscotch. What
makes me nervous is these
turtles and these Gators
beat up the knees.
They're heavily textured.
They can really run
across those kneecaps.
- Look at that.
- He didn't even jump to that.
- Come on, Mr. Crocodile,
go fast.
- Remember, he is
on the clock here.
We gotta go here, Jazzy.
- Go now. I would go now.
- Working his way to the tail
to the head, yeah.
- Beautiful.
A little rough again.
The abrasions are
gonna sit in.
Are we going to see a jump
shot from the turtle?
- Is he gonna throw that?
Oh, my gosh.
He's going to throw
this thing.
Jazzy, we got it onto
Giligreens Island.
We've never seen that.
The Denver, Colorado
product channeling
Payton Manning, John Elway
and just an inch to spare.
- Big jump here, let's go.
- Ow! Jazzy goes down hard.
Is he holding himself?
Did he injure his upper body?
- He hurt his little ribs.
Okay, he might have got
hurt on that last jump.
I think he took a shot,
Wayans.
Something in the rib,
the solar plexus.
And he might not be
able to continue.
- Breathe, breathe, breathe!
- Oh my God.
- Unfortunately,
he has taken a tough shot
out there on the course.
- Oh, he hit his chest.
You got it.
- Okay.
He might have got the wind
knocked out of him.
Jazz is clearly playing
hurt upper and lower body.
But, wow, stop him.
- Okay, Jazzy.
- We've seen
Froggers take a shot.
Never like this.
- Wow.
- Okay. Decision time.
He's going helipad.
I don't know what kind
of state he's in right now,
but he was a little shaken.
- I'm in so much
pain right now.
- Jazzy long legs
does not give up.
- I think he also wants
the Fanny pack.
And who can blame him?
- Yeah.
- Might be worth more than
the ten grand when
all said and done.
The second froglet.
Here comes the ride.
He's all business now.
- Go faster!
(all laugh)
- Nice.
- Now he can park froglet one.
And does he go over
and clean up two?
- Yes.
- Thank you so much.
- Two on the board.
He has one to go to catch
Coach Joe.
Two to take the lead.
- And we got
one right there already.
All right, you know, that's
not gonna be a problem.
- Wow, okay.
- He's got three.
Oh, he's gonna toss it.
Does he finish?
He seems to be well ahead
of coach Joe's time.
This will give him the lead.
- Jazzy! Great job.
Great job.
- Unbelievable.
Jazzy Long Legs has
beaten coach Joe's time.
- That's it.
He's going
back in there.
Wayans, have we
ever seen this?
Jackson's showing no
signs of quitting.
It looks like he's going
for the five, Wayans.
Incredible.
- Let's go!
I ain't got all day here!
- No time to waste.
There's only two froglets left
Wayans, and there's just
under two minutes.
- I'm coming for you.
- He's calling out the temple.
Effortless.
We've never seen
a Frogger this frog like.
Remember, we have 1300
gallons per minute
cascading down the Toad
Temple, and he's on.
- Oh! Heavy!
- That is froglet number four.
If he can park that one,
he can slam dunk
this thing home.
The clock is ticking.
He has got under
a minute left.
There's another froglet,
Wayans.
He could get both
of them home for five.
Let's go, Jackson.
Down we go.
Look out on your 6th, Jackson,
Here comes the ball!
He dodges it.
Okay,
now we have a race
against the clock.
A matter of seconds left.
He's gotta go.
Gotta go. Home stretch.
Don't hesitate.
- Jazzy!
He's gonna throw him.
Only seconds left, Wayans.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Ten.
- A two buzzer beater.
- 8, 7, 6, 5...
- Park them! Jazzy Long Legs!
Oh, my goodness.
Jackson has gone
five for five!
I can't believe it!
- I'm about to start crying.
- All that Jazz!
- Wow!
- Oh, my God.
Shock and awe on
Boss Toad Temple!
I just conquered the
Boss Toad round!
- All Five Jazzy Long Legend.
- And still posing.
We love this man.
- Congratulations, Jackson.
The Golden Fanny
Pack is yours.
And so is the $10,000 in cash.
We cannot wait to see Jackson
in the ultimate
Frogger Championship where
this guy is gonna
play for 100 grand.
Dude, you see what's trending
worldwide right now?
- Yeah.
- Jazzy Long Legs.
- Hashtag, JazzyLongLegs, baby.
- Jazz!
(laughs)